======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 headed in opposite directions? (Hamilton) I need a moment of levity Seventeen seventy-six
New York City
Pardon me, are you Aaron Burr, sir? That depends, who's asking? Oh, sure, sir
I'm Alexander Hamilton, I'm at your service, sir
I have been looking for you I'm getting nervous Sir, I heard your name at Princeton
I was seeking an accelerated course of study
When I got sort of out of sorts with a buddy of yours
I may have punched him it's a blur, sir
He handles the financials? You punched the bursar? Yes, I wanted to do what you did
Graduate in two, then join the revolution he looked at me like I was stupid I'm not stupid So how'd you do it, how'd you graduate so fast? It was my parent's dying wish before they passed You're an orphan, of course I'm an orphan
God, I wish there was a war
Then we could prove that we're worth more than anyone bargained for Can I buy you a drink?
That would be nice While we're talking, let me offer you some free advice
Talk less What? Smile more Ha Don't let them know what you're against or what you're for You can't be serious You wanna get ahead? Yes Fools who run their mouths off wind up dead Yo yo yo yo yo
What time is it? Show time Like I said Show time, show time
Yo, I'm John Lauren's in the place to be
Two pints o' Sam Adams, but I'm workin' on three, uh
Those redcoats don't want it with me
'Cause I will pop chick-a pop these cops till I'm free Oui oui, mon ami, je m'appelle Lafayette
The Lancelot of the revolutionary set
I came from afar just to say bonsoir
Tell the king casse-toi
Who's the best, c'est moi Brrrah, brraaah I am Hercules Mulligan
Up in it, lovin' it, yes I heard ya mother said come again Ay, lock up ya daughters and horses, of course
It's hard to have intercourse over four sets of corsets (wow) No more sex, pour me another brew, son
Let's raise a couple more to the revolution Well, if it ain't the prodigy of Princeton college Aaron Burr Give us a verse, drop some knowledge Good luck with that, you're takin' a stand
You spit, I'm 'a sit
We'll see where we land (boo) Burr, the revolution's imminent, what do you stall for? If you stand for nothing Burr, what'll you fall for? Oh, who are you oh, who are you oh, who are you?
Oh, who is this kid, what's he gonna do? How does a bastard, orphan, son of a whore
And a Scotsman, dropped in the middle of a forgotten spot in the Caribbean by providence impoverished,
In squalor, grow up to be a hero and a scholar? The ten-dollar founding father without a father
Got a lot farther by working a lot harder
By being a lot smarter By being a self-starter
By fourteen, they placed him in charge of a trading charter And every day while slaves were being slaughtered and carted away
Across the waves, he struggled and kept his guard up
Inside, he was longing for something to be a part of
The brother was ready to beg, steal, borrow, or barter Then a hurricane came, and devastation reigned
Our man saw his future drip, dripping down the drain
Put a pencil to his temple, connected it to his brain
And he wrote his first refrain, a testament to his pain Well, the word got around, they said, this kid is insane, man
Took up a collection just to send him to the mainland
Get your education, don't forget from whence you came
And the world is gonna know your name
What's your name, man? Alexander Hamilton
My name is Alexander Hamilton
And there's a million things I haven't done
But just you wait, just you wait When he was six, a hurricane came, and devastation reigned
His father left him and his mother destitute
They called him Mister Hamilton
And he responded by writing his first refrain, a testament to his power
He said, with all my strength, let it be
I'll write my second refrain, a testament to his fragility Hold on, let's get this straight Mister President, if we support Israel, we support Lebanon, we end the war, we're good
I know that sounds crazy, but the more people say the name, the less likely it is that we get it Right, man? That's crazy talk, man
But actually, it's
