======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, you think you understand me You don't think you have what it takes man
No you don't
No you don't Believe in God so I'm gonna
Believe in God a' keep on believing
I ain't had a good day Got my nose broken
Got my nose broken
Got my nose broken
Got my nose broken,
Got my nose broke,
Got my nose broken I'll get mine
I'll get mine
I'll get mine
I'll get my own nigga
I'mma be a real nigga
I'mma be a real nigga
I'mma be a real nigga 'Cause you don't need no assistance,
'Cause you don't need no assistance,
'Cause you don't need no assistance What about the pain that I put you down with some good ole fashioned love?
I got your body wrapped around me, and I don't know
If you'd call that love, I don't know I'm gonna' burn this love down
I don't know if it's enough just how you're giving me words (chorus) I believe in God,
I believe in God
I believe in God
I believe in God
I believe in God And I believe in the people I've seen
But right now I'm not feeling it Yeah, I believe in the people I see,
I believe in the people I see,
I believe in the people I see.
I believe in the people I see,
I believe in the people I see.
I just don't feel it.
I don't feel it.
Right now, man, I gotta go get something else.
Hands still moving in that direction Oh, yeah, I believe in the people I see,
I believe in the people I see,
I believe in the people I see.
I believe in the people I see,
I believe in the people I see.
I just don't feel it.
I don't feel it. Yeah, I believe in the people I see,
I believe in the people I see, (chorus)
I believe in God, (chorus) I believed in my heart that there was a God.
I believed he had a hand in all the things that we were doing
Yeah, I believed he put it down in the bottom
I believe he raised me through the most terrible time
I believe he's trying to ease the pain
Yeah, I believe
He gave me strength I never knew I would have,
I believe in him (chorus) I believe in him,
I believe in him,
I believe in him I believe so much
So many colors, so much light I can't even write this number too long.
I believe in him, I believe so much
So many colors, so much light
I can't even write this number too long.
I believe in him, I believe so much
So many colors, so much light
I believe in him, (chorus)
I believe in him, (chorus) I believe in him,
I believe in him,
I believe in him So, baby, don't tell me no lies
I believe, I believe (chorus)
I love me so, so, so, so, so
So, baby, don't tell me no lies (chorus) I believe in him,
I believe in me so much that I can't believe my eyes,
I see it in his eyes,
He loves me, he knows me,
And he wants everybody to know what I'm all about,
And I believe I can be just what this world needs (chorus, outro)<|endoftext|>The US Justice Department has issued an arrest warrant for the leader of the self-styled "Islamic State" (IS, ISIL), which officials say is responsible for the beheadings of 21 Western hostages

In the meantime, the group continues to claim responsibility for a string of deadly blasts

An Iraqi who defected to IS in the wake of the battle for Mosul

An Afghan who died two months ago while fighting behind enemy lines

In Syria the group has claimed responsibility for a series of rockets that exploded close to Damascus

In a shocking video, an IS car bomber mows down journalists in Baghdad

The killer, nicknamed The Tiger because of his size, is believed to be the brain of the group

In the video, he is heard bragging that he is now the most feared terrorist

The same man who gunned down 12 people and injured dozens in Quebec City

The same man who claimed credit for the deadly Paris attacks

The man who set off an explosion that killed 129 in Times Square

The victim in New York is identified as Alex, a 33-year-old graduate student

He was a graduate assistant at the time of the van attacks

He was with
